>> Bianca Gandolfo: What we're gonna
be doing is we're gonna implement
all of the elementary sorting algorithms,
bubble, insertion, and selection.
Keep in mind that when you're testing
out your code, the fact that it's coming
out sorted at the end isn't necessarily
a sign that you're doing it right.
Because for these particular sorting
algorithms, what you wanna check for
is that you're doing it in the order.
And the logic is the same.
So you might need to put a debugger
in there and walk through your code.
Maybe you throw in console dot logs or
whatever your style is,
just to make sure that it's going
in the order that you expect.
Because it can be easy to
think you got them all right
just because it comes out sorted, when
actually, the logic's a little bit off.
Like maybe you're doing an insertion sort
for a selection sort, or vice versa, or
you're accidentally doing
the same thing twice.
So keep that in mind.